Features/extend aa score (#294)
jpquast/protti: NEWS.md

* `calculate_peptide_abundance()` new function to calculate peptide abundances from precursor abundances.
* `fit_drc_4p()` received the `show_progress` argument that is by default `TRUE` and allows the user to show or hide progress bars. This closes issue #278.
* `assign_missingness()` gained the `completeness_MNAR_reference` argument, allowing users to control how complete a condition must be to be considered sufficiently observed when assigning MNAR missingness. This closes issue #200.

> * `calculate_aa_scores()` gained a `methods` argument, allowing user to choose between additive or multiplicative score caluclation mode. The function now returns min-max normalized scores in addition to raw values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `calculate_aa_scores()` gained a `methods` argument, allowing user to choose between additive or the new multiplicative score calculation mode. The function now also returns min-max normalised scores in addition to raw values.
```
